Business Continuity is the activity an organization performs to ensure
that critical business functions are available to the customers,
suppliers, regulators, and other entities that must have access to
those functions. These activities include many daily chores such as
project management, system backups, change control, and help
desk. Resiliency is the property of a system to adapt itself to the
consequences of a catastrophic failure caused by natural or man-made
events.

The business continuity is the responsibility of an organization that
operates in a non-cloud environment. The planning and execution of
business continuity is owned by the organization. Since the
organization owns the entire IT infrastructure, it has the knowledge
and the resources needed to develop an effective business continuity
plan.

In case of an organization using a cloud, the responsibility of
business continuity gets delegated to the cloud provider. The
organization loses control over how business continuity is planned for
and executed. This creates a risk to the organization of not having
appropriate business continuity in the case of a disaster. To mitigate
this risk, the organization using a cloud should do the following:

1. Ensure customer Recovery Time Objectives (RTOs) are fully
understood and defined in contractual relationships.

2. Confirm that the cloud provider has an existing Business Continuity
Policy approved by the providerâ€™s board of directors.

3. Check if the cloud provider has an active management support and a
periodic review of the Business Continuity Program.

4. Verify whether the cloud provider's Business Continuity Program is
certified and/or mapped to internationally recognized standards such
as BS 25999.

Instead of a risk, if an organization itself lacks a business
continuity strategy, and decides to use a cloud provider that has a
well defined business continuity strategy, the organization benefits
from the use of the cloud.

Real-world incident: Windows Azure, Microsoft's cloud computing
platform, suffered an outage over a weekend in March, 2009. If your
organization was using this service, how would the outage have
affected the organization's ability to conduct business? Microsoft
would own the responsibility to fix the issue and not the IT team of
your organization.