=Agenda=

* Larry's options regarding placing the [[:Template:OWASP Project Identification Tab | OWASP Project Identification Tab]] on project pages. 

* Push forward Jeffrey Barto's proposal to taking over OWASP Application Security Metrics project.

* From previous conference call: "When Paulo returns from vacation, we will work with him to change email template to clearly differentiate required items"


=Minutes=

Meeting started XXXX
* 
* 

Meeting ended XXXX

=Action Items=
* XXXX

[[Category:GPC Meetings]]