{{Template:<includeonly>{{{1}}}</includeonly><noinclude>OWASP Committees Agenda</noinclude>
| Previous_meetting_link = [[GPC Agenda 2010-02-22|2010-02-22]]
| Current_meetting_link =  [[GPC Agenda 2010-04-19|2010-04-19]]
| Next_meetting_link =     [[GPC Agenda 2010-05-03|2010-05-03]]
| Issue_1 = 
- [[Template:OWASP Committees Agenda|Agenda template]]<br>
*[Ref=07_Issue_Fev10]<br>
*Task owner: Paulo & Dinis 
| Additional_Info_1 =
- Dinis has asked Paulo to review the template and rebuild it in accordance with this [[OWASP Project Reviewers Database|logic]].
| Decisions_Comments_1 = Paulo is currently studying the issue.
| Follow_Up_1 = See progress.

| Issue_2 = 
[[London/Training/OWASP projects and resources you can use TODAY|Chapters' Training]] 
*[Ref=08_Issue_Fev10]<br>
*Task owner: Paulo & Dinis 
| Additional_Info_2 = 
Dinis has asked Paulo to to build a concept/model to operationalize training across OWASP Chapters. As soon as the model is ready and approved it will be tested with training at OWASP London Chapter. 
| Decisions_Comments_2 = The model [[London/Training/OWASP projects and resources you can use TODAY|has been created]] and the first course has already happened.  
| Follow_Up_2 = This issue has been closed.

| Issue_3 = [[:Category:OWASP Top Ten Project|OWASP Top Ten Project]]'s
*[Ref=09_Issue_Apr10]<br>
*Task owner: Paulo & Dinis 
| Additional_Info_3 = The 2010's Top 10 version has been launched and needs to be reviewed.  
| Decisions_Comments_3 = Jason has volunteered to be GPC's reviewer. Brad has assumed the task of contacting Matt Tesauro to see if he would like to act as reviewer.
| Follow_Up_3 = 
- Has Jason begun his review?  
- Has Matt been contacted and been asked if he can be Top Ten's reviewer? (Brad's task)

| Issue_4 = [[:Category:OWASP Project|Category re-naming]]
*[Ref=10_Issue_Apr10]<br>
*Task owner: Paulo  
| Additional_Info_4 = Renaming of OWASP Projects category to allow alphabetical sorting.
| Decisions_Comments_4 = This has been done.
| Follow_Up_4 = This issue has been closed.

| Issue_5 = 
| Additional_Info_5 = 
| Decisions_Comments_5 = 
| Follow_Up_5 = 

| Issue_6 = 
| Additional_Info_6 = 
| Decisions_Comments_6 = 
| Follow_Up_6 = 

| Issue_7 = 
| Additional_Info_7 = 
| Decisions_Comments_7 = 
| Follow_Up_7 = 

| Issue_8 = 
| Additional_Info_8 = 
| Decisions_Comments_8 = 
| Follow_Up_8 =

| Issue_9 = 
| Additional_Info_9 = 
| Decisions_Comments_9 = 
| Follow_Up_9 =

| Issue_10 = 
| Additional_Info_10 = 
| Decisions_Comments_10 = 
| Follow_Up_10 = 


| Previous_Issue_11 
= 
-[[OWASP Project Reviewers Database|Reviewers Drive]]<br>
*[Ref=01_Issue_Jan10]<br>
*Task owner: Brad & Paulo
| Previous_Additional_Info_11 
=  
- The proposed templates have been finished.<br>
- Please note the second table is still being populated.<br>
- A text to be used as Reviewers Drive's overview is being needed - volunteers?
| Previous_Decisions_Comments_11 
= The column [http://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Project_Reviewers_Database#tab=Project_Reviewers.2FVolunteers 'Projects I would be interested in reviewing'] has been changed to allow it receiving text.
| Previous_Follow_Up_11 
= Has Brad drafted a Reviewer Drive's Overview?

| Current_Decisions_Comments_11 
=
| Current_Follow_Up_11 
= 
No yet. Work in progress.
| Previous_Issue_12 
=
- [[Projects/Live CD|OWASP Project Details Tab]]'s review.<br>
*[Ref=02_Issue_Jan10]<br>
*Task owner: Jason
| Previous_Additional_Info_12 
=
- This task has been assumed by Jason, Dinis.<br> 
- [[:Category:GPC_Templates|See detailed info on the templates set]].<br> 
- See also Jason's the [http://docs.google.com/View?id=dcn8962c_70cvjsm3gh methodology explanation].<br> 
- Jason will continue working on it to finished up a couple of questions still open and to document all the process.<br> 
- As soon as the [[:Template:OWASP Project Identification Tab|OWASP Project Details Tab]] has been reviewed it will be spreaded through [[OWASP Projects Dashboard|ALL OWASP Projects]].<br> 
- Throughout last week, Dinis has also been working on this issue as well.
| Previous_Decisions_Comments_12 =
Jason informed the template review has been finished and the documentation is still to be done. 
| Current_Decisions_Comments_12 =
- Paulo has used the [[Projects/Security Ecosystem Project|Security Ecosystem Project]] to set up the new Project Details. Dinis and Paulo have reviewed all the process and will begin spreading the new template. 
- For future reference: [https://docs.google.com/a/owasp.org/View?docID=dcn8962c_71fq4r6pgm&revision=_latest Mike Boberski has new questions] about the Project Details tab that we should have into account.
| Previous_Follow_Up_12 =
- Has Jason built documentation up? <br> 
- Has Dinis worked as well to improve the template?<br>
- Has Paulo tried and used the new template?

| Current_Follow_Up_12 =
Progress has been made - see [[Security Ecosystem Project|here]] - but work still needs to be done. 

| Previous_Issue_13 
= 
- [[:OWASP Reviews Dashboard|Projects under review]].<br>
*[Ref=03_Issue_Jan10]<br>
*Task owner: Matt, Dinis, Brad.
| Previous_Additional_Info_13 
= - Please pay special attention to the [[:OWASP Reviews Dashboard|delayed ones]].<br> 
| Previous_Decisions_Comments_13 =
Neither Dinis or Brad have made significant progresses. We don't know about Matt.
| Previous_Follow_Up_13 
= 
- Has Dinis contacted the Content Validation using Java Annotations Project leader?<br>
- Has Brad contacted the EnDe Project leader?<br> 
- Matt please report on progress made regarding Content Validation using Java Annotations Project review.<br>
| Current_Decisions_Comments_13 =
| Current_Follow_Up_13 =
Brad has made some progress, although he hasn't uploaded his review yet.<br>
Dinis has asked to be replaced has reviewer.
Matt wasn't present. 

| Previous_Issue_14
= 
- OWASP services outsourcing bids' wiki page.<br>
*[Ref=05_Issue_Jan10]<br>
*Task owner: Brad
| Previous_Additional_Info_14 =
- Regarding the creation of covers for OWASP Books, Brad has proposed we move the process to a volunteer, without buying the source files. This question has triggered the decision of creating a wiki page to support OWASP services outsourcing bids. 
- Brad has assumed this task. 
| Previous_Decisions_Comments_14 =
- Brad will produce a draft for GPC review.
- Brad will upload the collected information.
| Previous_Follow_Up_14 =
- Has Brad written a draft and uploaded the collected information? 
| Current_Decisions_Comments_14 =
| Current_Follow_Up_14 =
The GPC has concluded that there aren't enough information available to complete the task. The issue has been closed


| Previous_Issue_15 
=
- Wiki Expert & Content Creation Expert's Job Description.
*[Ref=06_Issue_Jan10]<br>
*Task owner: TBD 
| Previous_Additional_Info_15 =
- Job description to support the recruitment of two new GPC members 
- Jeff, who had previously assumed this task, couldn't find the spare cycles to finished this up. 
| Previous_Decisions_Comments_15 =
- Due to the shortage of meeting attendance wasn't possible to find a volunteer to assume this task.
| Previous_Follow_Up_15 =
- GPC needs one of its members to assume this task which currently orphaned.
| Current_Decisions_Comments_15 =
| Current_Follow_Up_15 =
GPC has decided to invite Tom Brenann to assume the task.

| Previous_Issue_16 
=
| Previous_Additional_Info_16 =
| Previous_Decisions_Comments_16 =
| Previous_Follow_Up_16 = 
| Current_Decisions_Comments_16 = 
| Current_Follow_Up_16 =

| Previous_Issue_17 =
| Previous_Additional_Info_17 =
| Previous_Decisions_Comments_17 =
| Previous_Follow_Up_17 =
| Current_Decisions_Comments_17 =
| Current_Follow_Up_17 =

| Previous_Issue_18 =
| Previous_Additional_Info_18 =
| Previous_Decisions_Comments_18 =
| Previous_Follow_Up_18 =
| Current_Decisions_Comments_18 =
| Current_Follow_Up_18 =

| Previous_Issue_19 =
| Previous_Additional_Info_19 =
| Previous_Decisions_Comments_19 =
| Previous_Follow_Up_19 =
| Current_Decisions_Comments_19 =
| Current_Follow_Up_19 =

| Previous_Issue_20 =
| Previous_Additional_Info_20 =
| Previous_Decisions_Comments_20 =
| Previous_Follow_Up_20 =
| Current_Decisions_Comments_20 =
| Current_Follow_Up_20 =

| Committee_Members_names = Dinis, Brad, Justin, Paulo
}}