__TOC__
= Meeting Details =
'''Dial-In:'''  1-866-534-4754 (code: 192341)

'''When:''' Friday, April 1st @ 18:00 GMT (based on [http://www.doodle.com/iwd3xcznai4dk3d5 member availability])

= Agenda =
==Old Business==
Action items from  [[GPC/Meetings/2011-03-07#Action_Items|last meeting]]:
* ESAPI PHP project leadership outreach (Chris)
* Project management workflow (Jason/Paulo)
* Licensing issues overview (Justin)
* OWASP Enterprise outline/highlights (Justin/Chris)
* Leveraging Google Moderator or other meeting tools (Jason)

==Items Requiring Vote==
* Confirm [[Global_Projects_and_Tools_Committee_-_Application_6|Keith Turpin]] as a new GPC member
* Adopt "[[Talk:GPC/Governance|Presumption of Assent]]" clause to GPC Governance
* Confirm "[[GPC/Governance#Mission|mission statement]]"
* Finalize [[GPC/RFP/Project_Hosting|Hosting RFP]]

==Discussion Items==
* Reorganized Projects Page
* Process for Request for Contributors
* Incubator Project qualities
* Labs Project qualities
* Mainstream Project qualities
* Current Projects Status
**'''New projects set up'''
***[[OWASP ESOP Framework|OWASP ESOP Framework]]
***[[OWASP German Language Project|OWASP German Language Project]]
***[[OWASP Mantra - Security Framework|OWASP Mantra - Security Framework]]
***[[OWASP Java HTML Sanitizer Project|OWASP Java HTML Sanitizer Project]]
***[[OWASP Java Encoder Project|OWASP Java Encoder Project]]
***[[OWASP Threat Modelling Project|OWASP Threat Modelling Project]]
***[[OWASP Hackademic Challenges Project|OWASP Hackademic Challenges Project]]
***[[OWASP Hatkit Proxy Project|OWASP Hatkit Proxy Project]]
***[[OWASP Hatkit Datafiddler Project|OWASP Hatkit Datafiddler Project]]
**'''Projects re-organized'''
***[[OWASP Common Numbering Project|OWASP Common Numbering Project]]
***[[ESAPI Swingset|ESAPI Swingset]]  
***[[Projects/OWASP ESAPI Swingset Interactive Project|OWASP ESAPI Swingset Interactive Project]]
***[[Projects/OWASP_ESAPI_Swingset_Demo_Project|Projects/OWASP ESAPI Swingset Demo Project]]
**'''New Release set up'''
***[[Projects/OWASP LAPSE Project/Releases/LapsePlus 2.8.1|OWASP LAPSE Project - Release - LapsePlus 2.8.1]]
***[[Projects/OWASP ModSecurity Core Rule Set Project/Releases/ModSecurity 2.1.2|OWASP ModSecurity Core Rule Set Projec - Release - ModSecurity 2.1.2]]
***[[Projects/OWASP WebScarab NG Project/Releases/WebScarab-Ng-0.2.1|Projects/OWASP WebScarab NG Project/ - Releases - WebScarab-NG-0.2.1]]
***[[Projects/OWASP WebScarab NG Project/Releases/WebScarab-NG-0.3.0|Projects/OWASP WebScarab NG Project/ - Releases - WebScarab-NG-0.3.0]]
**'''Adopted & re-set up projects'''
***[[:Category:OWASP Application Security Assessment Standards Project|OWASP Application Security Assessment Standards Project]]
**'''Changing of leadershio & re-set up projects'''
***[[Projects/OWASP WebScarab NG Project|OWASP WebScarab NG Project]]
***[[Projects/OWASP Student Chapters Program|OWASP Student Chapters Program]]
**'''Projects Awaiting GPC Action'''
***'Project in need of reorganization'
****ESAPI
****CSRF Ecosystem, Sheridan
****[[OWASP AppSensor Project|OWASP AppSensor Project]] 
**'''Other tasks to do'''
***Design and implementation (if agreed by GPC) of a 'OWASP Spring Season of Projects Assessment'   
***Portuguese Government Protocol/OWASP Academy Concept's design/experiment. See [[Summit_2011_Working_Sessions/Session098|here]] and [https://docs.google.com/Doc?docid=0AX4Puwz7EA41ZGNuODk2MmNfMTFncXE2Yjlkag&hl=en&authkey=CN_u3r4B here].
***[[Greece/Training/OWASP projects and resources you can use TODAY|Greek Chapter's Training event]]
***Allocation of ISBN numbers to each OWASP/Lulu book.
***Top 10/Upload redesigned content and new covers (Lulu) 
**'''Outstanding Requests by Project Leaders'''
***None except the above

=Minutes=
* Meeting started: 18:00 GMT
* Meeting adjourned: 18:45 GMT
* [https://docs.google.com/present/view?id=0AWvv_7Gz8Z7TZGdmOGZybWhfMTBreGR6bTNkZA&hl=en&authkey=CNOj5oEH Update for May Board meeting]

==Attendees==
* Jason Li (chair)
* Justin Searle (Committee Member)
* Paulo Coimbra (Projects Manager)

==Notes==
# Lack of quorum due to confusion over time zone
# "Official" meeting canceled due to lack of attendance
# Justin updated Jason on his [[GPC/Meetings/2011-03-07#Action_Items |research]] on licensing models

==Action Items==
# Ensure time-zone clarity in scheduling future meetings

[[Category:GPC_Meetings]][[Category:GPC_Meetings/2011]]