=Global Chapters Committee monthly meeting July2011=
==Meeting Information==
Dates: 
* 18-July-2011, 19h00 UTC, Bridge Line: 1-866-645-3167 OR 816-423-4241, Participant Code: 8656478
* 19-July-2011, 14h00 UTC,  Bridge Line: 1-866-534-4754, Code: "OWASP" (69277), Skype sarah.baso to connect to US bridge line

==Agenda==
* Sarah Baso - explanation of [https://spreadsheets.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0ApZ9zE0hx0LNdENJNmo5SmxLcEg3MzVXZG9NVklEdUE&hl=en_US Chapter Activity Matrix] and proposal on going forward with sorting out inactive chapters (If no meeting in over 1 year, we give them notice and request that they have a meeting in the next quarter otherwise we will be "inactivating" their chapter. We can review chapter activity quarterly for assessment and housekeeping.)


*Updates from the July board meeting [https://docs.google.com/a/owasp.org/document/d/1VMwYrP6owtZ-SchBxUcWTIF-ITvzUX8PjUkLPwr2ipg/edit?hl=en_US&authkey=CIGTx5sD July Meeting Minutes] in particular:
**Update on honorary membership for local chapter leaders
**Update on local conference policy


*Discussion and vote on Chapters Policies for handling local/regional events.



* Equipment and Fixed Assets - Any objections to the following process for local chapters requesting reimbursement for equipment, projectors, laptops, video equipment, etc:<br>These items are considered fixed assets, and should be tracked by the Foundation.  Even though the essentially belong to the chapter, by allocating and tracking them at the Foundation level, the accountability of the expense rests at the foundation level.  The local chapter would then “donate” the cost of the equipment back to the Foundation. Essentially, the goal is to process requests for reimbursement on capital expenses by allocating the purchase as a fixed asset cost to the foundation, since local chapters do not fill out tax returns.  The local chapter retains possession of the equipment.


* Discussion & Comments re: OWASP adoption of [http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chatham_House_Rule Chatham House Rule]

As proposed by Tom Brennan:
''Recently OWASP leaders were asked to sign NDA's for several onsite meetings, education sessions and collaboration efforts.   Some have experienced a similar concern at chapter meetings from attending individuals. I suggest adoption of: "Chatham House Rule" to enable open discussions that fits our model. It can be incorporated into the disclaimers for those giving talks at chapters, operational/bylaws of local chapters, mailing list/forum terms and referenced as how OWASP operates enabling Open exchange of information in our community. "When a meeting, or part thereof, is held under the Chatham House Rule, participants are free to use the information received, but neither the identity nor the affiliation of the speaker(s), nor that of any other participant, may be revealed." ''


* Chapter leader workshops at [[AppSec_USA_2011#tab=Chapter_Leader_Workshop|ApppSec USA]] and LATAM - Brasil.


* [https://spreadsheets.google.com/a/owasp.org/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Ai_clZjtpXPwdEV0cFIySDdMQVhCTnllbHNwbWp4Tmc&hl=en_US&authkey=COX_wIUO Chapter Handbook] updates - proposed working session (separate from Chapter workshop) for actual drafting of document.  Open to leaders in attendance and requested of leaders that we sponsor to attend.  Goal to have new handbook finished by Nov. 1.


* [https://spreadsheets.google.com/a/owasp.org/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Ai_clZjtpXPwdEV0cFIySDdMQVhCTnllbHNwbWp4Tmc&hl=en_US&authkey=COX_wIUO Budget review] and projections for 2nd half of 2011.



==Minutes==
[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BWvMMpOUB_oWHxLbAfVPp-F6kpFPZiGmueGK9N7-bM4/edit?hl=en_US July 2011 Meeting Minutes]



[[Category:Global_Chapters_Committee]]