{{Template:OWASP Committees Agenda
| Previous_meetting_link = [[GPC Agenda 2010-04-19|2010-04-19]]
| Current_meetting_link =  [[GPC Agenda 2010-05-17|2010-05-17]]
| Next_meetting_link =     [[GPC Agenda 2010-05-24|2010-05-24]]  

| Issue_1 = 
'''Jim Manico will be OWASP Project Manager (Technical)'''<br>
*[Ref=10_Issue_May10]<br>
*Task owner: ? 
| Additional_Info_1 =
- Jim will assist the GPC with technical stuff.
- Jim will perform project reviews.
| Decisions_Comments_1 = 
| Follow_Up_1 = Has any GPC member contacted Jim?

| Issue_2 = 
'''Training Course'''
*[Ref=11_Issue_May10]<br>
*Task owner: Paulo & Dinis 
| Additional_Info_2 = 
- [http://www.owasp.org/index.php/London/Training/OWASP_projects_and_resources_you_can_use_TODAY#tab=Training_-_May.2C_28th.2C_2010 A new training course is being held by the OWASP London Chapter].
- Paulo and Dinis are actively involved.  

| Decisions_Comments_2 = 
| Follow_Up_2 = 

| Issue_3 = 
'''Meeting with a Portuguese Government Agency'''  
*[Ref=12_Issue_May10]<br>
*Task owner: Paulo & Dinis 
| Additional_Info_3 = 
- Dinis, Paulo and OWASP Portuguese Chapter representatives have met the head of [http://www.infosociety.gov.pt/ UMIC]. 
- Dinis will update the GPC on the meeting findings.
| Decisions_Comments_3 = 
| Follow_Up_3 = 


| Issue_4 = 
'''OWASP European Training Course'''
*[Ref=13_Issue_May10]<br>
*Task owner: Paulo & Dinis 
| Additional_Info_4 = 
To be held in September 2010. 
| Decisions_Comments_4 = 
| Follow_Up_4 = 

| Issue_5 = 
'''Projects Sponsorship Model'''
*[Ref=14_Issue_May10]<br>
*Task owner: Paulo & Dinis 
| Additional_Info_5 = <br>
* We have received a [http://docs.google.com/View?id=dcn8962c_81hmcf4rgm email from Softtek that has triggered this issue]
* Paulo is proposing we use a model similar to [http://wiki.osgeo.org/wiki/Project_Sponsorship this one] 
* We need to discuss whether or not the policy, that we have been pushing to set up but haven’t implemented still and under which projects leaders and contributors can’t be paid for their work, is to be enforced.
* We need to discuss and find out one solution to acknowledge the sponsor role in those cases in which a project leader time is being paid by his employer for him to work in a OWASP project.<br>
| Decisions_Comments_5 = 
| Follow_Up_5 = 

| Issue_6 = 
| Additional_Info_6 = 
| Decisions_Comments_6 = 
| Follow_Up_6 = 

| Issue_7 = 
| Additional_Info_7 = 
| Decisions_Comments_7 = 
| Follow_Up_7 = 

| Issue_8 = 
| Additional_Info_8 = 
| Decisions_Comments_8 = 
| Follow_Up_8 =

| Issue_9 = 
| Additional_Info_9 = 
| Decisions_Comments_9 = 
| Follow_Up_9 =

| Issue_10 = 
| Additional_Info_10 = 
| Decisions_Comments_10 = 
| Follow_Up_10 = 


| Previous_Issue_11 
= 
-[[OWASP Project Reviewers Database|Reviewers Drive]]<br>
*[Ref=01_Issue_Jan10]<br>
*Task owner: Brad & Paulo
| Previous_Additional_Info_11 
=  
- The proposed templates have been finished.<br>
- Please note the second table is still being populated.<br>
- A text to be used as Reviewers Drive's overview is being needed - volunteers?
| Previous_Decisions_Comments_11 = 
| Previous_Follow_Up_11 
= Has Brad drafted a Reviewer Drive's Overview?

| Current_Decisions_Comments_11 
=
| Current_Follow_Up_11 
= 

| Previous_Issue_12 
=
- [[Projects/Live CD|OWASP Project Details Tab]]'s review.<br>
*[Ref=02_Issue_Jan10]<br>
*Task owner: Jason
| Previous_Additional_Info_12 
=
- This task has been assumed by Jason, Dinis.<br> 
- [[:Category:GPC_Templates|See detailed info on the templates set]].<br> 
- See also Jason's the [http://docs.google.com/View?id=dcn8962c_70cvjsm3gh methodology explanation].<br> 
- Jason will continue working on it to finished up a couple of questions still open and to document all the process.<br> 
- As soon as the [[:Template:OWASP Project Identification Tab|OWASP Project Details Tab]] has been reviewed it will be spreaded through [[OWASP Projects Dashboard|ALL OWASP Projects]].<br> 
- Throughout last week, Dinis has also been working on this issue as well.
| Previous_Decisions_Comments_12 =
- Jason informed the template review has been finished and the documentation is still to be done. 
- Paulo has used the [[Projects/Security Ecosystem Project|Security Ecosystem Project]] to set up the new Project Details. Dinis and Paulo have reviewed all the process and will begin spreading the new template. <br>
- For future reference: [https://docs.google.com/a/owasp.org/View?docID=dcn8962c_71fq4r6pgm&revision=_latest Mike Boberski has new questions] about the Project Details tab that we should have into account.
| Current_Decisions_Comments_12 =
Progress has been made - see [[Security Ecosystem Project|here]] and [http://www.owasp.org/index.php/Projects/Live_CD/GPC here]. We need to spread the new template tab through all OWASP Projects.
| Previous_Follow_Up_12 = 
- Has Jason built the documentation up? <br> 
- Have Dinis and Paulo worked to improve the template?<br>

| Current_Follow_Up_12 =


| Previous_Issue_13 
= 
- [[:OWASP Reviews Dashboard|Projects under review]].<br>
*[Ref=03_Issue_Jan10]<br>
*Task owner: Matt, Dinis, Brad.
| Previous_Additional_Info_13 
= - Please pay special attention to the [[:OWASP Reviews Dashboard|delayed ones]].<br> 
| Previous_Decisions_Comments_13 =
- Brad has made some progress, although he hasn't uploaded his review yet.<br>
- Dinis has asked to be replaced has reviewer. <br>
- Matt wasn't present. 
| Previous_Follow_Up_13 
= 
- Has Dinis been replaced as Content Validation using Java Annotations Project reviewer?<br>
- Has Brad uploaded his review onf the EnDe Project ?<br> 
- Has Matt done his review of the Content Validation using Java Annotations Project?<br>
| Current_Decisions_Comments_13 =
Dinis hasn't been replaced yet. Paulo is looking for a substitute.
| Current_Follow_Up_13 
= 

| Previous_Issue_14 
=
- Wiki Expert & Content Creation Expert's Job Description.
*[Ref=06_Issue_Jan10]<br>
*Task owner: TBD 
| Previous_Additional_Info_14 =
- Job description to support the recruitment of two new GPC members 
- Jeff, who had previously assumed this task, couldn't find the spare cycles to finished this up. 
| Previous_Decisions_Comments_14 =
- GPC has decided to invite Tom Brenann to assume the task. 
| Previous_Follow_Up_14 =
- Has Tom been asked whether or not he will assume the task?
| Current_Decisions_Comments_14 =
| Current_Follow_Up_14 =


| Previous_Issue_15=
- [[Template:OWASP Committees Agenda|Agenda template]]<br>
*[Ref=07_Issue_Fev10]<br>
*Task owner: Paulo & Dinis 
| Previous_Additional_Info_15 =
- Dinis has asked Paulo to review the template and rebuild it in accordance with this [[OWASP Project Reviewers Database|logic]].
| Previous_Decisions_Comments_15 =
Paulo is currently studying the issue.
| Previous_Follow_Up_15 = 
Has Paulo made any progress?
| Current_Decisions_Comments_15 = 
No progress has been made yet.
| Current_Follow_Up_15 =


| Previous_Issue_16 =
[[:Category:OWASP Top Ten Project|OWASP Top Ten Project]]'s
*[Ref=09_Issue_Apr10]<br>
*Task owner: Paulo & Dinis 
| Previous_Additional_Info_16 =
The 2010's Top 10 version has been launched and needs to be reviewed.  
| Previous_Decisions_Comments_16 =
Jason has volunteered to be GPC's reviewer. Brad has assumed the task of contacting Matt Tesauro to see if he would like to act as reviewer.
| Previous_Follow_Up_16 =
- Has Jason begun his review?  
- Has Matt been contacted and been asked if he can be Top Ten's reviewer? (Brad's task)
| Current_Decisions_Comments_16 =
| Current_Follow_Up_16 =

| Previous_Issue_17 =
| Previous_Additional_Info_17 =
| Previous_Decisions_Comments_17 =
| Previous_Follow_Up_17 =
| Current_Decisions_Comments_17 =
| Current_Follow_Up_17 =

| Previous_Issue_18 =
| Previous_Additional_Info_18 =
| Previous_Decisions_Comments_18 =
| Previous_Follow_Up_18 =
| Current_Decisions_Comments_18 =
| Current_Follow_Up_18 =

| Previous_Issue_19 =
| Previous_Additional_Info_19 =
| Previous_Decisions_Comments_19 =
| Previous_Follow_Up_19 =
| Current_Decisions_Comments_19 =
| Current_Follow_Up_19 =

| Previous_Issue_20 =
| Previous_Additional_Info_20 =
| Previous_Decisions_Comments_20 =
| Previous_Follow_Up_20 =
| Current_Decisions_Comments_20 =
| Current_Follow_Up_20 =

| Committee_Members_names = Names? 
}}