__TOC__
= Meeting Details =
'''Dial-In:'''  1-866-534-4754 (code: 192341)

'''When:''' Tuesday, June 7th @ 16:00 GMT (based on remote participant availability)

= Agenda =
* Update remote GPC members current progress at GPC Working Session

= Minutes =
* Meeting started: 16:23 (due to technical difficulty)
* Meeting adjourned: 17:19
* [https://docs.google.com/present/view?id=dgf8frmh_16d8vw3sgn Update for July Board meeting]

= Attendees =
In person:
* Jason Li (Chair)
* Chris Schmidt (Committee Member)
* Justin Searle (Committee Member)
* Keith Turpin (Committee Member)
* Sarah Baso (GPC Working Session Support)

Remote:
* Brad Causey (Committee Member)
* Paulo Coimbra (Projects Manager)

= Notes =
* Updated Brad/Paulo on progress of Working Session
** Outlined Vision for Enterprise Edition
** Provisional Selection of Flagship Projects
** Project Inventory Status
** Three Category Proposal

[[Category:GPC Meetings]][[Category:GPC Meetings/2011]]