__TOC__
= Meeting Details =
'''Dial-In:'''  1-866-534-4754 (code: 192341)

'''When:''' Monday, March 7th @ 21:00 GMT (based on [http://doodle.com/c2wvbb45eq2b82sx member availability])
= Agenda =
* Confirmation of new committee members (all)
* Board update (Jason)
* [https://docs.google.com/a/owasp.org/document/d/11HjbUeJxyRbQ4Jg6Wg7LceMZox0wz3Fz-LUwjfam5eg/edit?hl=en Proposed 2011 Budget] (Jason)
* Project Hosting Update (Chris)
* Project Lifecycle Process Update (Justin/Brad)
* Current Project Status Overview (Paulo)
** '''Number of new projects since [http://globalprojectscommittee.wordpress.com/2010/11/18/owasp-projects-overview-last-4-months/ previous announcement]'''
***[[Projects/OWASP Application Security Skills Assessment|OWASP Application Security Skills Assessment]]
***[[Projects/OWASP Common Vulnerability List|OWASP Common Vulnerability List]] (replaced by Common Numbering Project)
***[[Projects/OWASP Common Numbering Project|Common Numbering Project]]
***[[Projects/OWASP HTTP Post Tool|OWASP HTTP Post Tool]]
***[[Projects/OWASP Forward Exploit Tool Project|OWASP Forward Exploit Tool Project]]
***[[Projects/OWASP Java XML Templates Project|OWASP Java XML Templates Project]]
***[[Projects/OWASP ASIDE Project|OWASP ASIDE Project]]
***[[Projects/OWASP Secure Password Project|OWASP Secure Password Project]]
***[[Projects/OWASP Secure the Flag Competition Project|OWASP Secure the Flag Competition Project]]
***[[Projects/OWASP Security Baseline Project|OWASP Security Baseline Project]]
***[[Projects/OWASP ESAPI Objective - C Project|OWASP ESAPI Objective - C Project]]
***[[Projects/OWASP Academy Portal Project|OWASP Academy Portal Project]]
***[[Projects/OWASP Exams Project|OWASP Exams Project]]
***[[Projects/OWASP Portuguese Language Project|OWASP Portuguese Language Project]]
***[[Projects/OWASP Browser Security ACID Tests Project|OWASP Browser Security ACID Tests Project]]
***[[Projects/OWASP Web Browser Testing System Project|OWASP Web Browser Testing System Project]]
***[[Projects/OWASP Myth Breakers Project|OWASP Myth Breakers Project]]
***[[Projects/OWASP Software Security Assurance Process|Software Security Assurance Process]]
***[[Projects/OWASP Web Service Attack Community Project|OWASP Web Service Attack Community Project]]
** '''Number of new releases set up since [http://globalprojectscommittee.wordpress.com/2010/11/18/owasp-projects-overview-last-4-months/ previous announcement]'''
***[[Projects/OWASP ModSecurity Core Rule Set Project/Releases/ModSecurity 2.0.10|ModSecurity 2.0.10]]
***[[Projects/OWASP Zed Attack Proxy Project/Releases/ZAP 1.2.0|Zed Attack Proxy Project - ZAP 1.2.0]]
**'''Number of adopted projects since [http://globalprojectscommittee.wordpress.com/2010/11/18/owasp-projects-overview-last-4-months/ previous announcement]'''
***[[Projects/OWASP LAPSE Project|OWASP LAPSE Project]]
***[[Projects/OWASP Java Project|OWASP Java Project]]
**'''Number of reviewed releases since [http://globalprojectscommittee.wordpress.com/2010/11/18/owasp-projects-overview-last-4-months/ previous announcement]'''
***[[Projects/OWASP Zed Attack Proxy Project/Releases/ZAP 1.1.0|OWASP Zed Attack Proxy Project - Release ZAP 1.1.0]]
**'''Projects ready to be set up'''
***Enhancing Security Options Framework (ESOP Framework) - Amber Marfatia
***Mantra -Security Framework to OWASP, Yashartha Chaturvedi
***German Language Project, German Chapter
***Java HTML Sanitization, Jim Manico
***Java Encoder Project, Jim Manico
** '''Projects' Releases requiring review'''
***http://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Secure_Web_Application_Framework_Manifesto, 
***http://www.owasp.org/index.php/GPC_Project_Assessment/OWASP_Vicnum, 
***http://www.owasp.org/index.php/GPC_Project_Assessment/OWASP_Content_Validation_using_Java_Annotations 
***http://www.owasp.org/index.php/Category:OWASP_AppSensor_Project, 
***http://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_O2_Platform, 
***http://www.owasp.org/index.php/Category:OWASP_Webslayer_Project, 
***http://www.owasp.org/index.php/Category:OWASP_EnDe#tab=Project_Details, 
***http://www.owasp.org/index.php/Projects/OWASP_Fiddler_Addons_for_Security_Testing_Project, 
***http://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_HTTP_Post_Tool, 
***http://www.owasp.org/index.php/Category:Software_Assurance_Maturity_Model
***http://www.owasp.org/index.php/Projects/OWASP_Zed_Attack_Proxy_Project/Releases/ZAP_1.2.0,
***[[OWASP Reviews Dashboard|'''OWASP Reviews Dashboard''']] 
**'''Projects with new leader/need to be re-set up'''
***OWASP .NET Project - Daniel Brzozowski 
***WebScarab-NG - Daniel Brzozowski
***College Chapter Program Project - Martin Knobloch
***OWASP AJAX Security Project - Abraham Kang 
**'''Project in need of reorganization'''
***ESAPI
***CSRF ecosystem, Sheridan 
**'''Projects in adoption process'''
***OWASP Application Security Assessment Standards Project | Volunteers: Bithika & Matteo Michelini (waiting for data)
**'''Other tasks to do'''
***Top 10/Upload redesigned content and new covers (Lulu)
**'''Other issues'''
***How shoud we label projects like [[:Category:OWASP Live CD 2007 Project|OWASP Live CD 2007 Project]]? Deprecated? Inactive? or else? 
***What should we do with ESAPI PHP? Let's put in on for adoption? 
** '''Outstanding requests from project leaders'''
***None except the above

=Minutes=
* Meeting started: 21:00 GMT
* Meeting adjourned: 23:00 GMT
* [https://docs.google.com/present/view?id=0AWvv_7Gz8Z7TZGdmOGZybWhfN2Z2YnB0NWMy&hl=en_US Update for April Board Meeting]

==Attendees==
* Jason Li (Chair)
* Brad Causey (Committee Member)
* Chris Schmidt (Committee Member)
* Justin Searle (Committee Member)
* Larry Casey (Committee Member)
* Keith Turpin (Committee Member)
* Paulo Coimbra (Projects Manager)
* Kate Hartmann (Director of Operations)
* Sarah Baso (observer)

==Notes==
# Budget will be presented to Board by Jason
# PayPal Donation button should be incorporated into project homepage template
# Need to flesh out project migration strategy for projects to OWASP hosting
# Need to streamline or remove the release review process while still preserving the value of the process
# If Mainstream is the "top", project leaders will want a path to it - so we can't make "Mainstream" unattainable. Projects don't all ''need'' to be "enterprise ready" (currently the intention of "Mainstream"), but they don't necessarily want to be associated with "Labs". There's a difference between a stable project and a project that's willing to be "enterprise ready". Enterprise-ready projects need support staff and productization. New separate stage ("OWASP Enterprise")
# Do we want security reviews of projects?
#* Already part of requirements for stable releases, but has been a huge time sink in the past
#* Need to beware of time delay
#* Is there added value?
# Need a coverage map of OWASP projects to identify areas where OWASP is weak
#* Might lead to an OWASP "Suite" of projects?

==Decisions==
# Chris, Justin and Larry have been formally seated as GPC members; Keith is awaiting additional nominations and has been named a provisional member
# LiveCD 2007 project page should be archived and marked inactive with reference pointer to current LiveCD (WTE) project
# Any approval step in the Incubator/Labs processes of the OWASP Projects Lifecycle will have an rolling approval window (i.e. if GPC does not take action within X time, it is automatically approved). This compromise prevents the GPC from becoming a bottleneck. Note this policy places extra burden on the GPC to get things right.

==Action Items==
# Chris will reach out to ESAPI PHP project about project leadership
# Jason will work with Paulo to identify aspects of his workflow that can be automated
# Justin will research licensing issues for Projects and what would be involved in a license change (Sarah has volunteered to be a resource)
# Justin/Chris will sketch out an addition to the lifecycle process ("OWASP Enterprise")
# Jason will identify tools to help improve committee calls (e.g. Google Moderator, "talking stick")
# Jason will send Doodle for April meeting

[[Category:GPC_Meetings]]
[[Category:GPC_Meetings/2011]]