== Previous meetings and Dial-in  details ==
see [[:Category:GPC_Meetings|GPC Meetings]] for previous GPC Meetings Agenda '''and the Dial-In details''' 

= Agenda  =

== From Previous Meeting/Follow up  ==

*New Assessment Criteria 
** [http://www.owasp.org/index.php/File:OWASP-Assessment_Diag_v2.png Pravir's assessment diagram] - Note that this is not related to 'Project Releases' but to 'Project Health'
***   We need to create a separate diagram to help our project leaders to understand the desired workflow for Releases (which go from Alpha, to Beta, to Stable)
** Modification of Assessment Criteria v2 (ACv2)
*** Review of [https://docs.google.com/a/owasp.org/Doc?docid=0ATb3QwFMHCXrZGdubjI3ZHNfMGhuZmJxOXA3&hl=en email templates] to reflect any changes from above.

----

*[[:Summit 2009|"OWASP Mini-Summit 2009"]]/[[:OWASP AppSec DC 2009]]: 
** [https://docs.google.com/a/owasp.org/present/edit?id=0Ae9M2vJFBkqfZGZjOGJoY3dfMmM3cHI0OGN6&hl=en Brad's PPT]. 

----

*Honorary memberships to be given to "active" OWASP participants (chapter leader, project participants, etc.). Chapter and projects committees to submit proposal for persons to be given membership. 
** See the [[OWASP Projects Dashboard|"OWASP Projects Dashboard"]] with all the OWASP Projects,
** [https://docs.google.com/a/owasp.org/Doc?id=dcn8962c_51ftpmj2g7 Email/draft to be sent to all OWASP leaders].

----

*Spreading [[:Template:OWASP Project Identification Tab|OWASP Project Details Tab]] through ALL OWASP Projects. 
**ALL the projects with defined leadership already HAVE the GPC Project Details Tab - Check out [[OWASP Project Details Table|"OWASP Projects Dashboard"]],
*** Methodology to fill in the referred tab?
*** Methodology to link the tab to each project?

----

* Consider having a single release roadmap page that is not attached to a single version but instead is the summation of the various release roadmaps.
** The single page is easier for project leaders to find/edit
** The single page would show the progression of the project to external audiences
** Makes the release roadmap very similar to a changelog - which is more useful if its in one place rather then in bits attached to releases.

----

*Projects committee should determine which projects/project leaders are supported financially. Travel, evangelism, publication, training, etc..... 
**Matt Tesauro's draft to deal with this kind of issues.

----

*Committee members' evaluation process. 
**"GPC - Send 'Individual Committee Member' [https://spreadsheets.google.com/viewform?formkey=ckdDbXE0bkxPM3dkbDZvSmFNWVBGcnc6MA online form]".

== Current Meeting  ==

* Update on the conversation between Sebastien and Matt.
* Start discussion on changing current Wikimedia to a more professional solution:
** http://www.wikimatrix.org/compare/Swirrl+Confluence+PBwiki+CentralDesktop
** http://www.atlassian.com/software/confluence/pricing.jsp?type=nonprofit

= Issues for next Meeting  =

*Add here

= Minutes  =

*Meeting started 10PM/GMT+1 
*Add here

__NOTOC__ 

[[Category:GPC_Meetings]]