{{Template:<includeonly>{{{1}}}</includeonly><noinclude>Summit 2011 Working Sessions test tab</noinclude>
|-

| summit_session_attendee_name1 = Lucas C. Ferreira
| summit_session_attendee_email1 = lucas.ferreira@owasp.org
| summit_session_attendee_username1 = sapao
| summit_session_attendee_company1=
| summit_session_attendee_notes,_reason_for_participating_and_issues_to_be discussed1=

| summit_session_attendee_name2 = Vlatko Kosturjak
| summit_session_attendee_email2 = vlatko.kosturjak@owasp.org
| summit_session_attendee_username2 = kost
| summit_session_attendee_company2=
| summit_session_attendee_notes,_reason_for_participating_and_issues_to_be discussed2=

| summit_session_attendee_name3 = 
| summit_session_attendee_email3 = 
| summit_session_attendee_username3 = 
| summit_session_attendee_company3=
| summit_session_attendee_notes,_reason_for_participating_and_issues_to_be discussed3=

| summit_session_attendee_name4 = 
| summit_session_attendee_email4 = 
| summit_session_attendee_username4 = 
| summit_session_attendee_company4=
| summit_session_attendee_notes,_reason_for_participating_and_issues_to_be discussed4=

| summit_session_attendee_name5 = 
| summit_session_attendee_email5 = 
| summit_session_attendee_username5 = 
| summit_session_attendee_company5=
| summit_session_attendee_notes,_reason_for_participating_and_issues_to_be discussed5=

| summit_session_attendee_name6 = 
| summit_session_attendee_email6 = 
| summit_session_attendee_username6 = 
| summit_session_attendee_company6=
| summit_session_attendee_notes,_reason_for_participating_and_issues_to_be discussed6=

| summit_session_attendee_name7 = 
| summit_session_attendee_email7 = 
| summit_session_attendee_username7 = 
| summit_session_attendee_company7=
| summit_session_attendee_notes,_reason_for_participating_and_issues_to_be discussed7=

| summit_session_attendee_name8 = 
| summit_session_attendee_email8 = 
| summit_session_attendee_username8 = 
| summit_session_attendee_company8=
| summit_session_attendee_notes,_reason_for_participating_and_issues_to_be discussed8=

| summit_session_attendee_name9 = 
| summit_session_attendee_email9 = 
| summit_session_attendee_username9 = 
| summit_session_attendee_company9=
| summit_session_attendee_notes,_reason_for_participating_and_issues_to_be discussed9=

| summit_session_attendee_name10 = 
| summit_session_attendee_email10 = 
| summit_session_attendee_username10 = 
| summit_session_attendee_company10=
| summit_session_attendee_notes,_reason_for_participating_and_issues_to_be discussed10=

| summit_session_attendee_name11 = 
| summit_session_attendee_email11 = 
| summit_session_attendee_username11 = 
| summit_session_attendee_company11=
| summit_session_attendee_notes,_reason_for_participating_and_issues_to_be discussed11=

| summit_session_attendee_name12 = 
| summit_session_attendee_email12 = 
| summit_session_attendee_username12 = 
| summit_session_attendee_company12=
| summit_session_attendee_notes,_reason_for_participating_and_issues_to_be discussed12=

| summit_session_attendee_name13 = 
| summit_session_attendee_email13 = 
| summit_session_attendee_username13 = 
| summit_session_attendee_company13=
| summit_session_attendee_notes,_reason_for_participating_and_issues_to_be discussed13=

| summit_session_attendee_name14 = 
| summit_session_attendee_email14 = 
| summit_session_attendee_username14 = 
| summit_session_attendee_company14=
| summit_session_attendee_notes,_reason_for_participating_and_issues_to_be discussed14= 

| summit_session_attendee_name15 = 
| summit_session_attendee_email15 = 
| summit_session_attendee_username15 = 
| summit_session_attendee_company15=
| summit_session_attendee_notes,_reason_for_participating_and_issues_to_be discussed15=

| summit_session_attendee_name16 = 
| summit_session_attendee_email16 = 
| summit_session_attendee_username16 = 
| summit_session_attendee_company16=
| summit_session_attendee_notes,_reason_for_participating_and_issues_to_be discussed16=

| summit_session_attendee_name17 = 
| summit_session_attendee_email17 = 
| summit_session_attendee_username17 = 
| summit_session_attendee_company17=
| summit_session_attendee_notes,_reason_for_participating_and_issues_to_be discussed17=

| summit_session_attendee_name18 = 
| summit_session_attendee_email18 = 
| summit_session_attendee_username18 = 
| summit_session_attendee_company18=
| summit_session_attendee_notes,_reason_for_participating_and_issues_to_be discussed18=

| summit_session_attendee_name19 = 
| summit_session_attendee_email19 = 
| summit_session_attendee_username19 = 
| summit_session_attendee_company19=
| summit_session_attendee_notes,_reason_for_participating_and_issues_to_be discussed19=

| summit_session_attendee_name20 = 
| summit_session_attendee_email20 = 
| summit_session_attendee_username20 = 
| summit_session_attendee_company20=
| summit_session_attendee_notes,_reason_for_participating_and_issues_to_be discussed20=

|-
| summit_track_logo = [[Image:T._metrics.jpg]] 
| summit_ws_logo = [[Image:WS._metrics.jpg]]
| summit_session_name = Common structure and numbering for all guides
| summit_session_url = http://www.owasp.org/index.php/Summit_2011_Working_Sessions/Session085 
| mailing_list =
|-

| short_working_session_description=
The purpose of this session is to bring together the various document project leaders and other interested parties to discuss the establishment of a common document numbering system. This will also require that applicable document projects have a similar structure, at least in the areas associated with the numbering. That means this session will drive revisions to current projects. Additionally, this is an opportunity to discuss the overall alignment of the release document projects and how they fit into a secure development life cycle. 

Some of the document projects that would benefit from this activity include the following, but there are several others not listed :
*[[OWASP Secure Coding Practices - Quick Reference Guide|OWASP Secure Coding Practices - Quick Reference Guide]].........(What to do - Requirements),
*[[OWASP Guide Project|OWASP Development Guide]].......................................(How to do it – Coding guidance),
*[[:Category:OWASP Ruby on Rails Security Guide V2|OWASP Ruby on Rails Security Guide V2]].........................(How to do it – Ruby specific),
*[[OWASP Testing Project|OWASP Testing Guide]]...........................................(How to test it – Pen Testing),
*[[:Category:OWASP Code Review Project|OWASP Code Review Guide]].......................................( How to test it – Code Review),
*[[:Category:OWASP Application Security Verification Standard Project|OWASP Application Security Verification Standard Project]]......(Verify and rate what was done),

|-

| related_project_name1 = 
| related_project_url_1 = 

| related_project_name2 = 
| related_project_url_2 = 

| related_project_name3 = 
| related_project_url_3 = 

| related_project_name4 = 
| related_project_url_4 = 

| related_project_name5 = 
| related_project_url_5 = 

|-

| summit_session_objective_name1 = Discuss and review current document project structures and key elements.

| summit_session_objective_name2 = Review proposal to align to ASVS and discuss whether the current version of ASVS provides an adequate baseline.

| summit_session_objective_name3 = Review other options for structure and numbering.

| summit_session_objective_name4 = Develop a draft structure and numbering plan.

| summit_session_objective_name5 = Discuss any dependencies which may exist, such as common nomenclature and definitions. 

|-

| working_session_date_and_time = 

|-

| discussion_model = participants and attendees

|-

| operational_resources = Projector, whiteboards, markers, Internet connectivity, power

|-

| working_session_additional_details = The presence on this session of the participants of the Working Sessions below is advisable
* [[Summit 2011 Working Sessions/Session052|'''OWASP Testing Guide''']]
* [[Summit 2011 Working Sessions/Session066|'''Development Guide''']]
* [[Summit 2011 Working Sessions/Session053|'''OWASP Java Project''']]
* [[Summit 2011 Working Sessions/Session200|'''OWASP Secure Coding Practices Project''']]

|-

|summit_session_deliverable_name1 = A written recommendation for a unified category and numbering system for applicable document projects. 

|summit_session_deliverable_name2 = Agreement from applicable document project leaders to adopt the finalized version of the system.

|summit_session_deliverable_name3 = An implementation plan discussing when projects will implement the new system.

|summit_session_deliverable_name4 = 

|summit_session_deliverable_name5 = 

|summit_session_deliverable_name6 = 

|summit_session_deliverable_name7 = 

|summit_session_deliverable_name8 = 

|-

| summit_session_leader_name1 = Keith Turpin
| summit_session_leader_email1 = keith.n.turpin@boeing.com
| summit_session_leader_username1 = Keith Turpin

| summit_session_leader_name2 = Matteo Meucci
| summit_session_leader_email2 = matteo.meucci@owasp.org
| summit_session_leader_username2 = Mmeucci

| summit_session_leader_name3 = Vishal Garg
| summit_session_leader_email3 = vishalgrg@gmail.com
| summit_session_leader_username3 = Vishal_Garg

|-

| operational_leader_name1 = Jim Manico
| operational_leader_email1 = jim.manico@owasp.org
| operational_leader_username1 = jmanico 

|-

| meeting_notes = 

|-
| session_name_mask = <!--Please replace DO NOT EDIT this string --> Session085
| session_home_page = <!--Please replace DO NOT EDIT this string --> Summit_2011_Working_Sessions/Session085
}}